Terms of Use

If you choose to visit this site, your visit is subject to this notice, to our Legal terms and to our Privacy Policy, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the laws of India.

This official site of Hawkins Cookers Limited has been developed to provide general public information. The documents and information displayed in this site are for reference purposes only.

All information and material in this site are provided on an "as is" basis, and are without guarantees or warranties of any kind, express or implied. Furthermore, any ideas and/or information provided or gained from this site would not necessarily reflect the views of Hawkins Cookers Limited. You expressly agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk.

The content on the site is updated on a regular basis. While Hawkins Cookers Limited attempts to keep its web information accurate and timely, it neither guarantees nor endorses the content, accuracy, or completeness of the information, text, graphics, hyperlinks, and other items contained on this server or any other server. Any content contained herein is subject to change without notice from Hawkins Cookers Limited.

Product design, graphics are the properties of Hawkins Cookers Limited and are fully protected. The information is based and content has been framed based on the laws applicable in India.

The contents of this site shall not be reproduced, distributed or published in whole or in part by the recipient hereof or any other person for any purpose without the prior written approval of Hawkins Cookers Limited.

Any person or persons using this site should ensure that they are in full compliance with the applicable laws of the land prior to doing so. Under no circumstances, including but not limited to negligence, shall Hawkins Cookers Limited or its directors or employees be liable for any special or consequential damages that are alleged to have resulted from the use and/or inability to use this site or information contained within, even if Hawkins Cookers Limited and/or its employees or directors have been notified of the possibilities of potential damages or losses.

Some of the hyperlinks contained in this site may lead to resources outside the site. Information contained in any site linked from this site has not been reviewed for accuracy or legal sufficiency. Hawkins Cookers Limited is not responsible for the content of any such external hyperlinks. References to any external links should not be construed as an endorsement of the links or their content.

Hawkins Cookers Limited is neither responsible nor liable for any viruses or other contamination of your system, nor for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions arising out of your use of the site or with respect to the material contained on the site. The company is not responsible for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages that may arise from the use of, or the inability to use, the site and/or the materials contained on the site whether the materials contained on the site are provided by Hawkins Cookers Limited or no.
